Sync content categories definition with latest HTML spec (#38533)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/content_categories/index.md

{{HTMLSidebar}}

> Most [HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) elements are a member of one or more **content categories** — these categories group elements that share common characteristics. This is a loose grouping (it doesn't actually create a relationship among elements of these categories), but they help define and describe the categories' shared behavior and their associated rules. It's also possible for elements to not be a member of _any_ of these categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most [HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) elements are a member of one or more **content categories** — these categories group elements that share common characteristics. This is a loose grouping (it doesn't actually create a relationship among elements of these categories), but they help define and describe the categories' shared behavior and their associated rules. It's possible for elements, as in the case of {{HTMLElement("track")}}, to not be a member of _any_ of these categories.
```

Reviewer: track isn't mentioned on this page, so thought this might be a place to add it. You likely have a better idea

- {{HTMLElement("var")}}
- {{HTMLElement("video")}}
- {{HTMLElement("wbr")}}
- [Autonomous custom elements](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components/Using_custom_elements)

> - plain text

Author: ```suggestion
- Plain text
```

- {{HTMLElement("ol")}}, if it's children include at least one {{HTMLElement("li")}} element
- {{HTMLElement("ul")}}, if it's children include at least one {{HTMLElement("li")}} element

## Script-supporting elements

**Script-supporting elements** are elements that don't directly contribute to a document's rendered output. Instead, they serve to support scripts, either by containing or specifying script code directly or by specifying data that will be used by scripts. Nearly all elements, including those that only take specific elements (such as {{HTMLElement("ul")}}, which takes {{HTMLElement("li")}} elements), can contain script-supporting elements.

The script-supporting elements are:

- {{HTMLElement("script")}}
- {{HTMLElement("template")}}

## Form-associated content

> Form-associated content is a subset of flow content comprising elements that have a form owner, exposed by a `form` attribute, and can be used everywhere flow content is expected. A form owner is either the containing {{HTMLElement("form")}} element or the element whose id is specified in the `form` attribute.

Reviewer: I realize this isn't your content, but it doesn't seem quite right, so let's improve it while we're here:

```suggestion
Form-associated content is a subset of flow content comprising elements that have a form owner and can be used everywhere flow content is expected. A form owner is either the containing {{HTMLElement("form")}} element or the `<form>` whose `id` is specified in the element's `form` attribute.
```

The form-associated elements are:

- {{HTMLElement("button")}}
- {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}
- {{HTMLElement("input")}}
- {{HTMLElement("object")}}
- {{HTMLElement("output")}}
- {{HTMLElement("select")}}
- {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}

> - {{HTMLElement("img")}}

Reviewer: Move this to before input (alph order), or keep in this order (spec order)? Should we add "Form-associated custom elements"?

Author: I kept it in the spec order just so it's easier to cross-check. I don't really think Form-associated custom elements are documented, but we should probably add it.

This category contains several sub-categories:

- listed

>   - : Elements that are listed in the {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.elements")}} and {{domxref("HTMLFieldSetElement.elements")}} collections. Contains {{HTMLElement("button")}}, {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}, {{HTMLElement("input")}}, {{HTMLElement("object")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.

Reviewer: Should we put these four sub-categories in alphabetical order?

Author: This is also in the spec order just to easily check

- submittable
  - : Elements that can be used for constructing the form data set when the form is submitted. Contains {{HTMLElement("button")}}, {{HTMLElement("input")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.
- resettable
  - : Elements that can be affected when a form is reset. Contains {{HTMLElement("input")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.
- autocapitalize-and-autocorrect-inheriting
  - : Elements that inherit the [`autocapitalize`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocapitalize) and [`autocorrect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocorrect) attributes from their form owner. Contains {{HTMLElement("button")}}, {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}, {{HTMLElement("input")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.
- labelable

>   - : Elements that can be associated with {{HTMLElement("label")}} elements. Contains {{HTMLElement("button")}}, {{HTMLElement("input")}}, {{HTMLElement("meter")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("progress")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.

Reviewer: I prefer "includes" to "contains" for all categories, but either way, we need to add "other than hidden" to input. 
```suggestion
  - : Elements that can be associated with {{HTMLElement("label")}} elements. Includes {{HTMLElement("button")}}, {{HTMLElement("input")}} (all types other than `hidden`), {{HTMLElement("meter")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("progress")}}, {{HTMLElement("select")}}, and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}}.
```
